Update about section (#105)
ACCESS-Hive/ACCESS-Hive: docs/working_groups/index.md

# Working Groups

???+ info

>     ACCESS-NRI wil soon establish core working groups to assess the needs of the ACCESS Community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ACCESS Community and the ACCESS-NRI will soon establish working groups to assess and prioritise the needs of the ACCESS Community

```
